dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/LightenBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.LightenBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/DarkenBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.DarkenBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/colour/MonochromeFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.colour.MonochromeFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/SaturationBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.SaturationBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/colour/TextureSamplingFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.colour.TextureSamplingFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/colour/GammaFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.colour.GammaFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/HardLightBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.HardLightBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/colour/HueFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.colour.HueFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/colour/LookupFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.colour.LookupFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/colour/OneDimenLookupFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.colour.OneDimenLookupFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/colour/SepiaFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.colour.SepiaFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/ImageProcessor.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.ImageProcessor
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.ImageProcessor$1
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.ImageProcessor$LoadImageFileTask
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.ImageProcessor$LoadImageTask
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.ImageProcessor$LoadImageUriTask
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.ImageProcessor$OnPictureSavedListener
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.ImageProcessor$ResponseListener
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.ImageProcessor$SaveTask
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.ImageProcessor$SaveTask$1
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.ImageProcessor$SaveTask$1$1
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.ImageProcessor$ScaleType
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/AddBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.AddBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/DivideBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.DivideBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/processing/GreenCircleFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.processing.GreenCircleFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/ImageFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.ImageFilter
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.ImageFilter$1
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.ImageFilter$10
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.ImageFilter$2
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.ImageFilter$3
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.ImageFilter$4
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.ImageFilter$5
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.ImageFilter$6
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.ImageFilter$7
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.ImageFilter$8
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.ImageFilter$9
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/LinearBurnBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.LinearBurnBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/AlphaBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.AlphaBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/SoftLightBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.SoftLightBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/colour/WhiteBalanceFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.colour.WhiteBalanceFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/processing/RotationFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.processing.RotationFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/util/OpenGlUtils.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.util.OpenGlUtils
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/util/TextureRotationUtil.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.util.TextureRotationUtil
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.util.TextureRotationUtil$1
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/colour/BrightnessFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.colour.BrightnessFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/SourceOverBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.SourceOverBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/processing/TransformFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.processing.TransformFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/effect/KuwaharaFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.effect.KuwaharaFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/processing/TouchPixelFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.processing.TouchPixelFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/OverlayBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.OverlayBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/PixelBuffer.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.PixelBuffer
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/processing/CircleSelectiveBlurFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.processing.CircleSelectiveBlurFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/effect/EmbossFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.effect.EmbossFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/colour/ColorMatrixFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.colour.ColorMatrixFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/effect/ToneCurveFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.effect.ToneCurveFilter
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.effect.ToneCurveFilter$1
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.effect.ToneCurveFilter$2
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/ColorBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.ColorBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/colour/ThreeConvolutionFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.colour.ThreeConvolutionFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/processing/GaussianBlurFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.processing.GaussianBlurFilter
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.processing.GaussianBlurFilter$1
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/ExclusionBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.ExclusionBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/effect/DirectionalSobelEdgeDetectionFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.effect.DirectionalSobelEdgeDetectionFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/processing/LinearSelectiveBlurFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.processing.LinearSelectiveBlurFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/Rotation.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.Rotation
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/ImageProcessingView.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.ImageProcessingView
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/effect/SobelEdgeDetection.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.effect.SobelEdgeDetection
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/effect/ToonFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.effect.ToonFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/LuminosityBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.LuminosityBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/effect/SmoothToonFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.effect.SmoothToonFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/NormalBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.NormalBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/colour/OpacityFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.colour.OpacityFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/processing/CropFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.processing.CropFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/effect/DirectionalNonMaximumSuppressionFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.effect.DirectionalNonMaximumSuppressionFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/colour/GrayscaleFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.colour.GrayscaleFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/effect/WeakPixelInclusionFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.effect.WeakPixelInclusionFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/TwoPassFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.TwoPassFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/effect/NonMaximumSuppressionFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.effect.NonMaximumSuppressionFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/ImageRenderer.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.ImageRenderer
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.ImageRenderer$1
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.ImageRenderer$2
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.ImageRenderer$3
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.ImageRenderer$4
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.ImageRenderer$5
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/ScreenBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.ScreenBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/util/ImageUtils.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.util.ImageUtils
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/processing/PinchDistortionFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.processing.PinchDistortionFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/effect/DilationFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.effect.DilationFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/effect/VignetteFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.effect.VignetteFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/DestinationOverBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.DestinationOverBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/colour/HighlightShadowFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.colour.HighlightShadowFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/SubtractBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.SubtractBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/processing/ClassicNoise3dFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.processing.ClassicNoise3dFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/TwoInputFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.TwoInputFilter
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.TwoInputFilter$1
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/MultiplyBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.MultiplyBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/colour/RGBFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.colour.RGBFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/TwoPassTextureSamplingFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.TwoPassTextureSamplingFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/effect/HalftoneFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.effect.HalftoneFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/ImageFilterGroup.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.ImageFilterGroup
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/colour/SaturationFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.colour.SaturationFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/DifferenceBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.DifferenceBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/colour/ContrastFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.colour.ContrastFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/processing/FastBlurFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.processing.FastBlurFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/BuildConfig.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.BuildConfig
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/ChromaKeyBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.ChromaKeyBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/colour/TwoInputFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.colour.TwoInputFilter
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.colour.TwoInputFilter$1
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/processing/SharpenFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.processing.SharpenFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/ColorDodgeBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.ColorDodgeBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/ColorBurnBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.ColorBurnBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/DissolveBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.DissolveBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/colour/ColorInvertFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.colour.ColorInvertFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/HueBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.HueBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/colour/FragCoordCircleFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.colour.FragCoordCircleFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/processing/TouchBlurFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.processing.TouchBlurFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/effect/PixelationFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.effect.PixelationFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/effect/SketchFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.effect.SketchFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/processing/FlipFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.processing.FlipFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/colour/ChannelLookupFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.colour.ChannelLookupFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/blend/MixBlendFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.blend.MixBlendFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/processing/HazeFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.processing.HazeFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/effect/PosterizeFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.effect.PosterizeFilter
dauroi/com/imageprocessing/filter/effect/ExposureFilter.java
 dauroi.com.imageprocessing.filter.effect.ExposureFilter
